# CLASSIFIEDS
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description:
*Classifieds* is a web application for managing classifieds' listings. I built it to replace an old APEX-based application used at the company I work for.

Most of it's code has been generated by GitHub Copilot, based on my instructions. I had no knowledge on how to use AI for anything, so I learned by doing this project. Initially, I basically "talked" with Copilot running the GPT 4.1 model, and code came up based on these interactions - it was instructive, but productivity was low. With time, I learned better ways to increase the code output and quality by planning tasks around one or more specific enhancements or reorganization (code refactoring) I wanted done. I had some very basic notions of "agile development", so I started calling each development round a "sprint". Each sprint, in my process, is performed in a new branch in the project's repository, and composed by:

1) Planning:
   - Uses Copilot's "Plan" mode, and the "Auto" model.
   - Generates a plan prompt file.
2) Development:
   - Interactions are based on the items of the plan prompt:
     - the plan may be updated as needed.
   - Uses Copilot's "Agent" mode, with "Auto" or any specific model I find more suitable for the job at hand.
   - Generates the actual code, eventual documentation, and also updates that come up as required.
3) Review:
   - The generated code is reviewed against the plan.
   - Corrections are made.
   - The branch is merged to the main branch.
4) Leftovers:
   - I always find myself forgetting things. If these things are not "enough" for a new sprint, I add them to a "leftovers" branch.
   - Performed quickly, without prior formal planning.
   - Merged as soon as ready.

*Classifieds* is based on the following components:

- Python 3.10+: programming language.
- Flask: web framework.
- Flask-SQLAlchemy: ORM (database access).
- SQLite3: database engine.
- Flask-Migrate: database migrations.
- Flask-Login: user authentication.
- WTForms: forms & validation.
- Pillow: image processing.
- Werkzeug: password hashing.
- Jinja: HTML templating (frontend).
- HTML/CSS/JS: frontend technologies.

At the beginning of the project, I included requirements considering the environment used by my company for running applications. These, however, were not properly developed so far. So, these components are included, but not actually used yet:

- python-ldap: LDAP authentication.
- Docker: containerization.
- Gunicorn: WSGI server.
- Apache: web server.
